reporting: tier biased security aggregate (#1329)
NVIDIA/garak: docs/source/analyze.tbsa.rst

Tier-Based Score Aggregation
============================

Assessing LLM & LLM system security is difficult.

> The information that comes from security testing a large language using adversarial techniques is non-trivial to convert to scalar values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information that comes from security testing large language models and systems using adversarial techniques is non-trivial to convert to scalar values. 
```

Mapping this information to scalar values, and aggregating those values, must be done in a way that fosters security-aware decision making, requiring an interdisciplinary approach. 
Garak provides a multi-stage scoring and aggregation method, esulting in many granularities of measurement including a single, final aggregate, TBSA (Tier-Biased Score Aggregate).

What is TBSA?
-------------

> TBSA is a method for getting a rough single number estimating the risk posed by a garak run against a target.

Reviewer 2: Risk is associated with the target not the garak run:
```suggestion
TBSA is a method for getting a rough single number estimating the risk posed by a target based on a garak run.
```
or
``` suggestion
TBSA is a method for getting a rough single number estimating the risk identified by a garak run against a target.
```
